Write a HTML game:
12 piece of Pentomino, in short, Pen will be in different color, that color can change or random change, save until reload.
First step: 4 normal size of retangle for the game that let player choose from set up step of the game: 3x20; 4x15; 5x12; 6x10 and custom for any user input dimention.
Second step: User click on the board game of the size picked from step one. Each cell clicked marked a difference circle filled color. As a target hidden beneath the board game. Right click to remove the circle. Inside the circle is the number 1, 2, 3, 4 as counter how many circle was placed. And a status show how many circle are set/hidden inside the board game. The limit how many cell based on how big the board was set on step 1.
Third step: Now is challenge for the game mechanic, a random button (Fill the board) for user, which will fill up the board with SOME of 12 Pen, not ALL of 12 Pen. That apply rules:
+ Priority cover all cell has circle mark, leave no circle visible.
+ Has space to allow Player on next step move the pentomino to next location, reveal the circle beneat. Must have space available, and the pentomino piece can rorate.
+ Has popup mark as if there is no possible set up for Pen pieces, allow user back to second step to reduce or change location of the circle marks or let the game move or decice new location for circle mark.
+ Emulate the answer as moving Pen piece around can reveal all circle mark with missing one or impossible to uncover a circle mark.
+ other rule can be add here as if need for next step.

Each press random will show covered board fit the rule, and player decice which good enough and start the game.
Four Step, game play:
Player see a board, and some pen pieces cover up circle mark beneath. The mission is move these Pen piece/relocation them to suitable space to reveal the circle mark under them.
Click left click to pen pieces will pick up, leave a copy shadow of it beneath/which is still coverup anything beneath. Right click while the piece is pickinng up with rorate 90 of the piece. because all piece, cell is square so 90 degree is suitable for the game. The rorate work like tetris game. While moving the piece, a black shadow moving mark as new location will be. The new location must have space and not overlapse any other pen pieces that already set. If user still click left click to set the piece in wrong/invalid place, the shadow turn red and stop. If wrong 3 time or the player bring the piece outside the board and click, it will return to old location (not the begin of the game location in case some bug may happen).
When a circle mark is revealed, an overlayered green tick marked over the list of all circle above the game board as mark which was found, and the circle inside gameboard turn into gray as found, and a status text count down the number of circle still hiding.
When all circle is found, a congratulation. And all pen pieces low transparent to reveal circle marked location for user to check again. A quick end game button with do the same but no congrat.
May add effect pickup, put down pen pieces like pick up paper color and put down.
And Undo/redo button to undo the move location and step, even undo circle marked reveal in case bug the game as player cheating the counter.
Make sure there are always have aleast one linear way to solve the board, moving the pen pieces to reveal all circle.